hey what's up YouTube welcome back to a
fast electronic and loud I might have
seen the video already of the new 3d TV
we did the review and unbox you know and
it's gonna be a four part series with
any 3d TV or any 3d option you're gonna
need a source that source for us today
happens to be the samsung smart blu-ray
player it is 3d it's the BD - F 7,500 it
is one of the Magnolias branded items at
your local Best Buy features 4k upscales
got the Smart Hub technology two HDMI
output web browser it's wireless web is
built-in you know YouTube Netflix
Pandora cinnamon now vudu hulu plus is
all in there and that is full HD 3d not
further ado we can get into an unboxing
of the blu-ray BD - f 7,500 this is from
Samsung actually used some reward zone
certificates here how to issue a
television and a warranty so you know
doing a minor upgrade take advantage of
a little sale and some promotional
financing there so obviously need a new
source so inside here we've got some
important player update information and
this is gonna be your user manual for
your blu-ray and there is batteries for
the remote control and here is the
supplied Samsung remote control looks
kind of like their other ones for their
televisions use the batteries and that
does have that any net Samsung any net
technology where you can use one remote
to control all your devices let me go
ahead and actually pull this blu-ray
player it out and we'll set the Box off
to the side here and now remove the
phone here from the side these packages
there obviously there is a laser in
there for the blue right they don't want
any damage during shipping
go ahead and remove this up shipping
plastic hair foam round pink see on this
Samsung this is I sent the blu-ray 3d in
the beanie - 7500 I'll put a link in the
description below it's got the very up
he on a piano piano gloss gloss black
finish actually has plastic on the front
of this right now and I'm not actually
gonna pull that off so I get that
installed there's a USB access right
here on the front
the unit which does make that very
convenient and that's actually where
your blu-ray would go in there the drive
in the front it's got kind of a nice
lumen of silver bezel on the top kind of
matches the theme of the television we
got so that'll kind of be a nice accent
in the home theater area we'll
definitely be doing a revamp of that set
up so be looking for that soon and like
I said on the back folks this does have
a little cable management there for your
cable once plugged in but you also have
your optical out you have wireless LAN
if you just want a hardwired Ethernet
and there is Wireless as well
you've got your HDMI out this is your
main and this is your sub so if you got
two different sources
pardon me two different monitors
televisions you can actually dual source
that and then you've got here a full 7.1
channel analog audio out over here
surround back subwoofer out front that
would go directly in you know if you're
just wanting to run sound out of that
that's you know 7.1 analog audio or just
via HDMI out whichever you're using I'm
actually going to use HDMI so that's
kind of the first unboxing look of that
Samsung blu-ray player like I said does
feature the remote control and the
batteries for that do come attached in
the user manual there is actually a
blu-ray disc player quick set-up guide
for the BD - F 7500 I can pick these up
Samsung Commons accom this is actually
purchased locally Best Buy
I believe at 2:49 I think is the retail
on that I think there is a promotional
sale or the finance set to double check
the receipt but nonetheless folks that
is the new Samsung blu-ray 3d the BD - F
7500 features Smart Hub technology has
also got 4k upscale and that actually is
that what we're gonna be using as our 3d
source for our new 3d television so look
for part two and I'll put links in the
descriptions for all of this on the
unboxing that television but look for
when we go to the set up review of like
the blu-ray you know in the 3d and
actually how all that works and plays
out together so just bear with us to get
all of this things set up over here at
fast
sonic and loud but that's what we do
here fast electronic and now we bring it
to you fast electronic and of course
loud thanks for watching please
subscribe Samsung blu-ray 3d bTW - F
7,500